hello movie fans and welcome back again
to another full movie recap with movie
reveals in today's video we're going to
break down the classic horror movie
called fright night
i hope you like this one warning guys
spoiler alert
charlie brewster is a normal average
teenager living with his divorced mother
in an unnamed suburban town one evening
charlie looks out his window and sees
his new neighbors moving in the next
door and appear to be carrying what
looks like a coffin intrigued with his
new neighbors charlie begins to spy on
them
one day young woman obviously a call
girl shows up at charlie's house by
accident looking for another address and
charlie directs her to the house next
door the next morning at school charlie
sees a news broadcast about the police
finding another murder victim from an
unknown serial killer who decapitates
female victims and drains the bodies of
blood
another evening later charlie suspecting
something sinister about his new
neighbors spies on the house next door
and sees jerry dandridge biting the neck
of a young teenage girl he tells his
mother what he saw but she passes it off
as charlie's imagination charlie tries
to tell his friend evil ed and
girlfriend amy peterson but neither of
them believes him and begin to worry
about charlie's mental well-being
yet another day later charlie calls the
police with information about one of the
murder victims and a detective
accompanies him to the house where they
meet billy cole jerry damage's roommate
lets them in and shows them around the
house
finding nothing the detective decides to
leave but charlie tells him to check the
basement which billy seemed adamant
about letting them go down there
detective forces charlie to leave with
him and tells him not to ever call on
him again thinking that charlie has an
overactive imagination
suspecting that jerry dandridge is a
vampire he seeks advice from evil ed
about how to fight vampires evil ed
tells him from watching movies and
documentaries about suspected vampires
that vampires are super strong have no
heartbeat or pulse have vulnerabilities
to holy water and crosses they also cast
no reflection in a mirror and they can
only be killed by fire decapitation
sunlight or wooden stake through the
heart it also tells charlie that a
vampire cannot enter a person's home
without an invitation
charlie goes home but finds jerry
dandridge in his living room waiting for
him having been invited in by charlie's
mother dandridge is seemingly friendly
and tells mrs brewster about charlie
showing up at his house today and she
reprimands charlie not to do it again
that evening charlie begins to fortify
the house knowing that dandridge can
enter whenever he feels like it
however dandridge enters the house from
a second floor window and hides in a
closet in charlie's bedroom when charlie
gets ready for bed dandridge surprises
him and threatens to kill him for
snooping around and nearly revealing his
secret that he indeed is a vampire when
dandridge tries to choke charlie to
death he stabs the vampire in his right
hand with a pencil
wounded and angry jerry dandridge
terrorizes charlie by revealing his true
vampire demonic image complete with red
eyes fangs claws and warring with a
wolf-like rage but waking up charlie's
mother
dandridge flees and threatens to kill
charlie tomorrow night
the next morning charlie then seeks out
the help of favorite vampire killer
peter vincent a former actor who hosts
tv segments of horror movies that
charlie watches and who claims to be a
real vampire hunter charlie confronts
vincent at the studio where he works and
tells him that his neighbor is a vampire
and is going to kill him
vincent like everyone else rushes off
charlie's claims as an overeager teen
with an overactive imagination
charlie does not go to school that day
because he finds his car totaled after
dandridge apparently trashed it the
other night after their confrontation
evil ed and amy visit charlie at his
house and finds him secluded in his
bedroom of crosses hanging everywhere
hearing him talk about peter vincent
evil ed and amy visit him at his
apartment where they tell him about
their friend and persuade him to prove
to him that vampires don't exist
vincent calls dandridge at his house and
offers to come over the next night with
charlie to debunk charlie's theory that
he is a vampire the following evening
vincent charlie ed and amy pay a visit
to dandridge's house where billy lets
them in and introduces them to jerry
dandridge vincent tries to show trouble
that dandridge is not a vampire by
having him drink a vile holy water as
well as him holding a cross charlie is
still not convinced and says that
crosses only work on vampires if a
person has faith to use it and the holy
water that danbridge just drank isn't
real holy water however after vincent
sees jerry cass no reflection in his
small compact mirror he gets scared
gathers up amy charlie and ed and they
all leave
mr vincent hurries to his car and then
he drives away fast
danrich finds the mirror dropped by
vincent on his way out and leaves as
well
as charlie amy and ed walk away evil ed
decides to leave charlie and amy by
walking in a dark alley he runs down an
alley and it gets darker all of a sudden
jerry dandridge appears who wants and to
become a vampire
at peter vincent's apartment he huddles
scared and tries to shake it off from
feeling scared
just then evil ed knocks on peter
vincent's door vincent opens it and
begins conversing to evil ed casually as
he knows nothing of the hideous undead
evil ed is now suddenly evil ed attacks
mr vincent who places a cross upon evil
ed's forehead which burns a scalded evil
ed slinks away threatening mr vincent by
telling his master
charlie and amy find dandridge following
them and he chases them to a local
nightclub where dandridge sees that amy
resembles his lost love he uses his
vampire charm to hypnotize her and dance
with him when charlie intervenes
dandridge restrains him and two bouncers
appear in which dandridge morse into his
fanned red-eyed vampire self and kills
both bouncers with his superhuman
strength
vandridge escapes from the nightclub in
the confusion and chaos with amy and
heat and tells charlie to meet him later
at his house or he will kill her charlie
runs back to mr vincent who makes him
grab a cross before he enters his
apartment charlie persuades peter
vincent that they must confront
dandridge and kill him before the night
is over
but do a bit ready and go to jerry's
house
by then he has already turned amy into a
half vampire as charlie and vincent
enter the house dandridge appears on the
top of the stairs and says welcome to
fright night for real
vincent hesitates for a moment and his
faith is too weak to keep dandridge at
bay of this cross however charlie has
faith in the vampire covers in fear from
his crucifix a billy cole comes to his
master's aid and knocks charlie off the
staircase rendering him unconscious
vincent panics and runs to charlie's
house
charlie wakes up to find himself locked
in a room with amy who is now a half
vampire
dandridge leaves a stake for charlie
giving him a choice to kill amy or not
and risk getting killed by her when she
fully turns in the morning
vincent flees to charlie's house to hide
out only to be confronted by evil ed who
transforms himself into a wolf and
attacks vincent again
vincent defends himself by breaking a
wooden table leg and kills evil ed by
stabbing him through the heart who then
morphs back into his human form as he
dies
vincent then returns to the dandridge
house where he frees charlie and they
confront billy again
vincent shoots him several times with a
gun but billy a sort of zombie-like
slave keeps advancing towards them and
charlie finally kills him with vincent's
wooden stake by stabbing him through the
heart in which billy melts into a gooey
mess of blood and green slime
charlie and vincent have another
confrontation with dandridge who is kept
at bay with their crucifixes and they
see that dawn is approaching dandridge
transforms himself into a bat and flies
away
charlie and vincent venture down to the
basement to find damages coughing to
kill him while he sleeps
just when they find the coffin amy now
fully turned vampire enters and attacks
them
while charlie tries to keep her away
vincent manages to open jerry
dandridge's coffin and tries to drive
his wooden stake through his heart but
dandridge wakes up and vincent stabs him
but misses his heart the vampire rises
from his coffin pulls out the wooden
stake and breaks in two
but when he attacks vincent charlie
begins smashing in all the basement
windows allowing the sunlight to hit
dandridge using a mirror they reflect
the sunlight and finally manage to kill
dandridge by blasting him with the rays
and he bursts into flames and within
seconds his body is reduced to dust and
bones but jerry gandridge's death the
still alive amy is apparently released
from his curse and becomes human once
again
in the final scene the movie ends just
where it began with charlie and amy back
in his room watching a horror movie
hosted by peter vincent on the tv who
announces he's dedicating the movie to
his friend charlie for making him
believe that vampires are real
the movie is left open-ended when
charlie looks out at the dandridge house
next door now dark and vacant he briefly
sees a pair of red eyes staring at him
from the darkness but instead of telling
amy he decides to let it go and goes
back to her for another makeout session
on his bed the voice of evil ed is heard
saying oh you're so cool brewster the
end
thanks for watching
feel free to comment below subscribe if
you want to and if you feel like sharing
some love then smash the like button
see you again soon don't worry i will be
in human form and not like some sort of
vampire that has risen from the dead